Subtitles and audio translation will begin later. Please wait for the official start of the video.
Well, welcome family. Thank you for joining us again tonight. We're going to just get right to praying.
I've been really busy lately, and I'm so thankful for every single one of you. We're fine. I had to take some days.
The Lord said, 'You need more time focusing just with me.'And I've poured out and poured out, and I've got to the point where I feel dry and I said, 'I've got to get back underneath that waterfall.'It's personal.
Just because I dump out with you all doesn't mean I don't keep vertical with him, and I want to make sure I'm hearing him in top shape.
Keeping my relationship with him above all this other stuff; it doesn't matter to me if it all goes away tomorrow, I still have him.
And that's what I want to make sure: that we're always good and that in my heart I'm seeking his face.
There's so much ministry that pulls you every single day, and you can get distracted with it.
Then you've got family, you've got kids you're raising, you've got a job you're working; there's things that are always pulling on you.
But I have to make sure that I'm always staying sharp, especially when you're talking to as many people as we do.
And so I take the time. After the tornado, I was frustrated with that.
We have power and authority over storms, you know, and God has given us that. As he is, so are we in this world.
And as we see tornadoes come and they're wreaking havoc and doing all that they're doing and everybody's afraid, I warned you all.
I said there are storms coming. It's not just in the natural storms, but spiritual storms.
And there's a lot of you that are still asleep and you say, 'Well, Brandon, you know what?
Whenever I see a storm and it's a tornado right in front of me, well, I'm just going to be bold and just go out there like David and say, "Who is this uncircumcised Philistine that defies the armies of God?"'No, this tornado or whatever.
Or, you know, when the plague comes again that I've told you countless times the Lord has warned me about, we must take authority and start to activate that inside of you.
Psalm 91, Psalm 23, getting it down inside of your heart because of the storm that I've seen over and over.
Financial storms, financial crisis, major shakings to awaken.
And the only way you're going to weather the storm is by knowing who you are in Christ, by having a foundation of the word of God down inside of yourself, staying vertical.
If I'm not here and YouTube was to go away, where will you be? If these other people—there's a lot of you that are baby Christians—but you must learn and have the meat of the word down inside of you.
You've got to get that backbone like a crowbar. Who are you listening to?
Who's pouring into your life? I like to listen to Reinhard Bonnke a lot. Reinhard Bonnke is one of my favorites.
After he prayed for me and laid hands on me that day I told you all, when I was a young man and I got an impartation that day, it changed my life forever.
And when Reinhard Bonnke prayed for me, he said, 'I put a double portion of the anointing that's on my life on you.'And he laid hands on me and the fire of God—I'm talking a lightning bolt—came out of heaven.
It felt this way. It shook me. I was like a sack of potatoes on the ground when that happened.
It changed me when I got up off the floor. And I'm not giving any glory to Reinhard Bonnke.
Reinhard Bonnke was just a man that was yielded to Jesus. But I always respect my elders and I respect the anointing.
And there was impartation that day; there was something that happened, there was an exchange.
And ever since then, between him and Ralph Wilkerson, there has been a stirring on the inside of me, a fire shut up in my bones that you just can't control.
And do you have that? Do you have to have an impartation from somebody to get that? No.
You can have it right in the middle of your house right now where you're watching.
But you've got to get yourself in the river in prayer and worship and seeking him daily.
Not just on Sundays and whenever they have something at the church.
You've got to have a personal relationship with Jesus where you're going vertical.
I told you there's a storm coming. I told you there's a shaking to awaken coming to our nation. We must pray for President Trump.
As you can see, I told you this is not just the one opportunity that I've seen; there's much more that we have to pray for our president to make it across the finish line of what God has called him to do.
The enemy would try to kill, steal, and destroy. Right? We know what the devil's mode of operation, his whole plan is.
So we've got to come against it by the blood of the Lamb. We've got to plead the blood.
You've got to take communion daily. You've got to seek his face daily. We must work while it is still light, for night is coming.
It's time for us to get an enthusiasm inside of us, a stirring on the inside of us knowing that the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ is at hand.
The church must wake up. It's not just about filling pews or chairs at the church, having full auditoriums.
It's about telling people that it's time to repent and it's time to fall down on our knees before a holy God and get right with him because there's many of you that are about to be left.
It's time to come to church with a heart of worship and thanksgiving for what he's already done in your life.
But get ready, for he is about to do something even greater. The greatest outpouring of the Spirit of God is about to hit this earth like we've never seen before.
What we have seen in the past is nothing compared to what we're about to see.
And there's many of you that are so lackadaisical in your relationship with the Lord and you're so lukewarm and you don't even realize that the water is getting hot all around you and the pot is beginning to boil and you're in it.
We see it. And I have such an urgency inside of me every single time I do these broadcasts to warn you that the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ is at hand.
I shout it from the mountaintops and I shout it in the valleys: Jesus Christ is coming.
But what are we waiting for? He has long patience for the harvest, his fruit.
And right now, he said, 'Brandon, I'm not out of patience. I'm out of time.
This dispensation of grace is coming to an end.'He's had long patience for thousands of years now. But this dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
The Lord Jesus Christ is coming for his church, but he's coming back for a bride that's without spot or wrinkle, that is sold out to him and not sold out to the world.
So I want to tell you again and again, you must get your heart right before him.
It's time to repent. Now I know there's a lot of you that want to know what's going on in the news.
But the biggest headline I can tell you that's going on in the news is the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ are all around you.
Are you looking? Are you watching the alarm bells? The sun is setting on this dispensation.
I'm telling you, I know beyond a shadow of a doubt. I had a Holy Ghost dream last night again.
The Lord visited me again last night in my dreams, and he visits me. Those are for me.
The visions are what I tell you, but I don't tell you about my dreams.
The Lord visits me and talks to me about my own personal life a lot and talks to me and my wife, and there's an urgency.
He says there are some things that are about to happen. I've warned you about the economy.
When was the last time we were together? What did the Lord tell us? We saw so much, all to his glory.
I want to say everything we see or what we do on this channel is just all for his glory. This isn't about Brandon. This isn't a Brandon show.
This I believe with all my heart God's put it on us for this generation to be watchmen and watchwomen?
To tell you what the Lord gives us in prayer so that we can pray and change things. Some of it we can't.
But my main job is always to come on here and always give God glory in everything I say in word and in deed.
We give all to the glory of God. Can I miss it? Yeah, we can miss it. We're human.
We're all saved by grace and we're all trying our best to get out to the other side and hear him say, "Well done, thy good and faithful servant.
Enter into my rest."And that's what I'm after. But can Brandon Biggs miss it? Yes, I can miss it.
And anybody that tells you they've never missed it is usually either a liar or something else.
I'm just telling you, everybody has a chance that we all are working out our salvation with fear and trembling and we're going from glory to glory.
Every one of us. But I want to tell you my main mission every single time I come on here is to throw out the net and see how many fish I can bring in.
I told you what was coming by the spirit and the leading of the Holy Spirit.
I believe with what he showed us last time when we were here. I saw President Trump at the desk.
I saw a dove with an olive branch in its beak and he was flapping his wings over him and I saw church bells ringing around his desk and the Lord said, "Pray for him."Then we prayed for John Kilpatrick.
We prayed for Perry Stone. The Lord showed me praying over their health, praying over them—these two men—and then Jentezen Franklin and my friend Billy Burke and these others. The Lord said, "I have much more for them to do.
Pray for their health that they would be restored with the glory to be restored like Moses, that his eyes did not grow dim."And I saw a renewing like the eagles, that their flesh would not fade with the glory.
The glory kept them. The glory kept Moses. The glory will keep these men.
And I saw to pray for them more. So we prayed for them last broadcast.
Then we prayed for President Trump and the Lord said, "Pray for a protection around him."And I saw that in the days ahead we saw by the spirit of the Lord that the Lord warned us that there would be three Senate seats and it would flip blue.
The Lord said, "You see this? It's increasing."And I saw it went from one—they would have it by one—to having it by three.
And he said, "If you don't start praying now, they will win the House and the Senate and your president is in jeopardy even by impeachment."25th Amendment.
The 25th Amendment. There's so many things that the Lord has brought to us to pray over concerning President Trump and we will continue to do so.
But the main things I have on my heart right now is your life and your heart.
Where are you with Jesus? Do you know him? And more importantly, does he know you?
I'm not talking about your grandma's religion that she used to talk to you about as a little boy.
You say, "Well, yeah, you know, grandma used to talk about Jesus all the time."I'm talking about a personal relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ.
Do you know him? If you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity? There is a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
We've heard it all the time, especially if you've been in the church a long time. But this is a true statement.
The Lord said to go over some of the things I saw when I went to tribulation tonight.
So, I am being obedient to what he told me to do real quick. So, bear with me. It's 15 minutes, but I'm going to go over this really quick.
I saw the day that I was on July 6th, 2014, I was taken out of my body and the Lord Jesus Christ came in my room and he took me to tribulation.
It was one of the most life-changing experiences I've ever had. It shook me like I can't even tell you.
I went from year to year with him as we would travel into the years of tribulation.
I saw the day it happens. I saw what happens when the rapture takes place.
And the Lord allowed me to see it happened at night in America.
It was not night in other parts of the world, of course, but it was night in America.
I saw lightning shooting all over the sky. Everything was alive.
The lightning was just bolting and there was no thunder. It was just a light show.
And I remember the lady screaming, "The aliens came and got them!
The aliens!"That's what they... they were deceived. They didn't know where everybody disappeared.
Everybody from the children that were age 15 and younger were all gone.
So their mothers were all frantically looking for their children.
They were screaming through the streets and they were looking and calling out their names and they were in panic looking for the kids that were gone.
All the mothers were running up and down the street screaming for their children and they were all raptured.
Now, there's some of you that don't believe in the rapture. That's fine. If you don't want to hear this, click out and go away.
But I'm telling you, for those that are here and you want to know what's coming, I'm going to tell you. I believe in the rapture of the church.
I believe in what I experienced and when I went to tribulation, I believe that God is not a wife beater.
We're not appointed unto wrath. And we are not going to go through the tribulation.
If you're a believing believer and you have your lamp full of oil—there were ten virgins: five had their lamps full and five didn't—which one are you?
And I saw believers that didn't have their lamps full of oil and they were not expecting the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. And they were running frantically yelling.
And I saw one lady that I knew and she was flipping off the Lord, giving the finger to the Lord, yelling at him because she didn't go. She knew. They knew what happened.
And I saw pastors that were preaching a compromising word that didn't have a backbone like a crowbar telling the people that they needed to repent and turn from their wicked ways, that they believed and they preached a solid lukewarm grace gospel that everything's about grace, brother.
And I believe we're all saved by grace. But there is a place where we don't act like we used to.
The very sins we repented of, we went back to, and you live in there.
The things that you say, "I was once lost and now I'm found."You say, "I'm back living in it."And you say, "Well, I'm still saved,"but I'm going to tell you, you're mistaken.
When I saw the people and they were running all over the place screaming and they were so upset because there was no peace.
The peace that passes all understanding abides in every believer.
You don't even realize that you wake up every single day and the Holy Spirit's leading you for the first time...
that prayer covering that was there—and people take it for granted.
Even the world wakes up every single day and there's a prayer covering that the church brings that is no longer here.
And they all act crazy. They're burning buildings. They're burning cars.
They're murdering. They're raping. They're pillaging. It was awful.
It looked like Sodom and Gomorrah, what I would picture it to be. All nuts. They had no balance at all.
I saw fires and smoke, burning cars all across the city as the Lord said, "Look."And he never spoke anything.
He just touched my hand and I perceived everything he was saying. He never had to speak anything. I just could hear him.
And I went through and I could see the lady screaming because I walked up to her because she could see me.
That was the only time that somebody could see me in tribulation.
I walked up to her and I said, "What happened?"And she goes, "Don't you know the Christians are all gone?
Don't you know they're all gone? The Christians are all gone."She was screaming.
I saw the Antichrist come on the scene. He came out of it. He came on pretty quickly, and they all had a meeting in Berlin.
I watched them. They were all in Germany. They went to Berlin—every person.
There was a table full of leaders, and they were all listening to a man that got out of a Rolls-Royce.
I saw him. He was dressed to the hilt. He had a suit on that was black and white; it was a beautiful suit.
It looked like cashmere, I don't know. It was beautiful, with a white shirt and a very nice tailored beard.
His hair was black. He was a very tailored man with olive skin.
He sat down at this table and as he spoke, peace flowed out of him.
It was the most hypnotic feeling I've ever felt as I watched this man.
Everybody surrendered their nations to him within that one hour.
Everybody had peace. For the first time in a couple of days, it was anarchy.
Everybody was acting crazy, but when he spoke, everything was okay.
It was smooth like butter. I'll never forget the way he pulled.
But that peace that the church brought—all the years of a prayer covering over the world that you don't even realize because you wake up and you take it for granted, every one of us—when that peace was gone, he brought that peace, a sense of peace that was dingy.
It didn't feel the same. It had a dinginess to it, but it was something that was similar. It's the way it felt.
So, I tell you all this because I really truly believe that we're so close to this major event taking place soon. As I saw, this is what the Holy Spirit wanted me to tell you.
As I looked across, I saw so many Christians that were all gathering—the ones that were left, so-called Christians, that were lukewarm.
They didn't have their lamps full of oil. They weren't expecting; they didn't have an anticipation.
Remember the virgins? There were five of them that were anticipating.
They had their lamps full. They knew the bridegroom was coming. The others didn't.
They said, "Oh, let's have some of yours."And then they said, "No, okay, we better go buy."And as they were going out and getting theirs, the bridegroom came like a thief in the night, right?
Those Christians that I saw here were so upset. The pastors that were still here—too much is given, much is required.
I saw pastors that were once on TBN and Daystar, and I will not use their names ever, that were left here.
They blamed them for not being taught the gospel. I saw these people who were there, and they started going to the mountains.
They started going to the hills in Ozark and they were trying to dig tunnels in the sides of mountains.
Tunnels like rabbit holes. Why? Because I want to show you this.
Do you have it? The drones—remember the drones. I want you to listen to this noise.
My son has this. I want you to listen to this. We've never used drones like this.
I want you to pay very close attention to this. Those that are left, remember this because you don't have much time.
Listen to this noise that you're about to hear. This is what you'll hear when you're left: over the skies, over the world.
They will use these everywhere and there will be swarms of them. Why?
Because they're going to look for if you have the chip in your forehead or your hand. And it sounds like this when it's coming.
And the Christians that knew and tried to abstain and not get the mark—this is what it sounds like as they're coming.
Do you hear it? They're preparing you. I said it sounds like bees.
I could hear them from miles away as I was standing there with Jesus.
And as they fly over, they were looking for people who didn't have the mark.
And they surveilled the whole world. These will be everywhere. Okay, you can pause it.
And as they find you, they scan your body and if it does not communicate back to them, one of those drones stays on you until the authorities get there.
I saw you could not burn any wood because they would be able to sense fire.
They would be able to hear a gunshot. They knew gunshot noise.
So if you were trying to shoot game off the land to stay alive—elk, deer, rabbit, whatever you think you would need—if they heard the noise, they would go there and scan you and see who you were.
The chip communicates, then they'd move on. If not, they stayed there.
And I saw men with black Hummers, men with black masks, with blue lights.
They jumped out of the cars and they gave you a decision. You had to make it right there.
You either take the mark and serve the beast—you serve the Antichrist—or they cut your head off right there with a massive sword. They don't shoot you.
But as I saw them running away, as I saw Christians running, trying to hide—people that were left that didn't want to take the mark—they were hiding and they were suffering greatly in the hills.
They were suffering greatly because they couldn't keep warm. And if their babies or whoever got sick...
you say, "Well, why would they have babies?"People are still having children during the tribulation.
You need to hear that. If they don't have birth control, people are still going to have kids.
You sow the seed, you reap a harvest. Let the elevator go to the top.
If you sow the seed, you'll reap a harvest. And I saw many people reaping a lot of harvest.
They were all about four and five years old. What I saw—how long the tribulation?
Seven years. And I saw them running around with these kids trying to get away.
And the chip would communicate to those drones and they would try to be in these hills and they were suffering greatly.
Winters were terrible. If you think winter's bad now, you have never seen anything compared to what people will see in the tribulation.
When I saw... Oh, this is why I brought all this, is what I saw last time. I saw a hole in the ozone.
And you know it talks about in the Bible that there'll be sores popping up on people.
The sun will burn you. The sun will scorch you and your tongue. There's things that the Bible talks about.
When I saw the red in the sky, this last vision and the Lord showed me more.
He said, "This is tribulation I'm letting you look into."I didn't know what I was looking into until after it was over.
And he said, "Do you see how there is something with the atmosphere that the sun is cooking people?"Well, it goes with what I've seen.
So, they were running in and as they would give you the ultimate opportunity to take the mark or whatever, they would sever your head.
I saw the family suffering greatly, those that went through the tribulation.
I bring all that up tonight because I was sent these drone videos.
I get sent so much, and none of this was existing whenever I had the vision.
The other part was aliens. Jesus told me right before I was entering back into my house...
he said, "Right before I come, months before—a time frame right before—they will talk about aliens a lot, Brandon."They will talk about aliens a lot.
And he said, "There will be a great deception. There is a deception coming and it will appear on TV and it will deceive the nations."Do you understand?
And I've told you I believe there's no such thing as aliens. This is fallen angel demonic stuff to try to explain away the rapture of the church.
The Antichrist comes on, and he says to the world, "The Christians were punished.
They were taken up... the aliens got them."That was his excuse for all the people and where they went.
A great deception is coming soon. And I said, right before the Lord comes back, you're going to see it in the news all the time.
And I warned you what the Lord said. Now all these scientists are disappearing—twelve of them.
Twelve scientists who are talking about having classified information about UFOs, aliens, and all this stuff.
All of a sudden, they're just disappearing. What happened to them?
There's stuff underneath in the darkness that's going to be brought to the light.
The Lord said they're about to reveal stuff to you. I warned you. Remember? Look over here.
As they're planning to take your freedoms for the digital age, the digital currency, the digital everything.
And look at this. Did you show them, baby? Okay. Now listen to the news; see who the new guy is that's taking the job in May.
What did he say about digital assets? Do you have that? I'm going to keep talking while you look at it.
But I saw a digital everything coming and I saw what's going to happen. And that's why I was trying to warn you all.
I hope I didn't take too much time, but I just want to drive it home with you.
If you don't know Jesus Christ, you must know him. And don't have a compromise in your heart.
"Oh, Brandon, you're scaring me."I'm not trying to. If you don't know Jesus, it should scare the you-know-what out of you.
If you don't have an intimate relationship with Jesus, you should be scared.
But if you know him and you know his voice—and a stranger's voice you shall not follow—there's nothing for you to be scared about.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord. He knows every hair on your head, and even the lack thereof.
He knows your future better than you know your past. And I'm telling you, God has a plan.
Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
He wants you to be blessed over and exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think—to be that church that is on fire for him, expecting his return.
But this man right here, Jerome Powell, is not like this. Now listen to this new guy.
He's Kevin Warsh. Yeah, he's coming on the scene next month. Now listen to what he says. Go ahead.
"Do you believe that digital assets should be incorporated into our financial industry so Americans have new investment opportunities and consumer protections?""Senator, digital assets are already part of the fabric of our financial services industry in the United States.""Yes.
Thanks, Mr. Warsh. Quick yes or no. Do you believe that digital assets should be..."So, basically, he's saying it's time to roll out the new system.
It's time. He believes it. Now, I told you we have a window for the wealth of the sinners laid up for the righteous.
And there'll be things that happen that the Lord said if you ride the wave of doing certain things—not financial advice, I'm not a financial adviser—pray on what God has told you to do.
Whatever he tells you to do, do it. Now, it may be something else, but I just think it's interesting.
This is all my opinion. It's all coming about; the end of the end is right here. This is it—the digital frontier.
As I saw the new frontier, as I watched everybody worship on Fridays—every Friday you're required to worship the Antichrist.
As he brings out the new flag, they'll take down the American flag and they'll put up the new one.
And the new flag will really make a lot of patriots upset. But as you get the mark of the beast, there you go.
Good job, honey. As the five pillars of Islam—each star represents the five pillars of Islam.
The sickle sword is what they use, and that's what it looks like. I watched it. I remember it.
I looked at it many times when I was with the Lord and he showed me, and I kept looking at that flag. I tried to tell my son how to make it. He did.
I said, "This is what it looked like."I just have an urgency as I see all the signs of the times all around me, and I just wanted to bring that to you tonight because I saw those drones and things and it hit me—that noise.
I could hear that noise and they were running from that noise. It sounded like bees.
It sounded like bees and I said, "Oh no, it's coming."There's many of you who are running out of time.
There's some of us, we're looking up. We know there's a major revival that's about to take place.
I heard the church bell ringing again in the Oval Office this last broadcast and they were shaking me so much.
The babies are coming, church. The unsaved are about to come by the millions.
What will they get when they come back to church? Will they get an old, watered-down, dead religious gospel?
Or will they get a life-giving word from the Bible that has no compromise in it, that's so exciting—a fire shut up in their bones? Are they going to get stirred up when they go to church?
Are they going to get a thirty-minute, little watered-down, "skinny jeans and fog machines"gospel where they go back home and wonder what the point was of even going to church today?
There will be a remnant with a major move of God in these churches that I saw that will be like Azusa, and there will be streets all over.
And I told you, John Kilpatrick is one of them. I don't know this man, but I pray for him; I've seen his church.
A bigger church is coming. A much more Holy Ghost church is coming.
There won't be room enough to have them all. They're going to be lined up outside down in that area—Alabama.
I'm telling you, the parking lot was full; there was not enough room for everybody.
And the same thing with Perry Stone, the same thing with Jentezen, the same thing with Minnesota—there's one in Colorado.
There's not enough churches that have prayed. This is going to come through prayer.
That's why the Lord said, "Raise up a million men and women prayer army for these end times,"and this will be a place of oasis for people to come and drink.
But I saw again—and I'll tell you this. Last night I had a dream and I saw a man—I won't tell you who he was—and I was in a Dillard's and they were laying hands on people.
This main minister was in there and the Holy Ghost and fire fell in the Dillard's store and people were laying out everywhere with the power of God falling on them, and they were being healed by the power of the Lord because a revival broke out in Dillard's.
I saw the staff filming with their phones. They were all filming because it was in the shoe department as the people were laid out in the Holy Ghost everywhere.
I walked up to a lady—she was an African-American woman—and she said, "I so desperately want a touch like that.
Could somebody help me?"And I said, "Follow me."And I took her over there and she got baptized in the Holy Ghost and fire, and she was speaking in tongues and crying as the glory touched her in the middle of Dillard's.
We're about to experience something that's going to be church unusual.
Don't have preconceived ideas of how you think this next move is going to be—that it has to be like how Oral Roberts did it and Kathryn Kuhlman and all these others.
Oh, no. Those were old wells. The Lord said, "Behold, I'm going to do something new."And when I was standing there and he said, "Can these bones live?
Speak to the dry bones,"I saw a wave of the glory of God fill the atmosphere of all of these churches.
And a wave went up even on Pastor John Kilpatrick's feet; the wave came up on him and it overtook him—the wave of his presence, the wave of the glory.
The Lord said it would be. I saw people and the glory of the Lord come in.
You can't move in the service because the glory and the presence and the shekinah glory is so heavy that people were crawling out—those were sinners who didn't want to be right with the Lord.
Some of them were like, "I've got to get out of here,"because they didn't want to give up their sin.
But God wasn't forcing; He's a gentleman. He's not going to force you to serve Him.
I saw this one individual—I don't know why the Lord allowed me to see this one individual—but they didn't want to be there.
And the Lord said, "Brandon, you don't have to be here. Even when you show up, I'm not going to force you to be there.
You have a choice."He doesn't take over your free will; He's a gentleman.
He wants you to want to have a relationship with Him. No one is ever forced to have a relationship with Jesus.
Just like you don't force your kids to have a relationship with you, how much more God wants to have a relationship with you so bad.
I saw the glory of the Lord. I saw arms growing out. I've seen the blind eyes open.
But it will be something that we've never felt. A breeze, a wind will fill the atmosphere.
And the Lord said, "You see,"and I bring it up again: Oral Roberts took a cup and this well and he said, "The wells of revival are coming uncapped."And I saw him go down.
Jack Coe, if I mess up his name, forgive me. Jack Coe went down and dipped his cup and got a little bit of a drink; Oral Roberts got a little bit of a drink. But they didn't go to the bottom of the well.
And the Lord said, "This time, all boundaries, all preconceived notions—you're going to be able to go in the middle of the well and go all the way to the bottom."This is the great finale.
Are you excited? This is the great finale. This is what we've all been waiting for, and it's here.
The Lord says, "Start saying it's here."It's not coming; it's here. It's time now. Call it forth.
It's coming out of prayer, but it's not just this patty-cake Christianity prayer.
No, it's getting in the Holy Ghost river and pulling with me on the chats and all this stuff.
I'm telling you, it's time. We can pull this. It's like jumping in the river tonight.
Stir yourself up. Well, if you're thirsty, drink. He is the vast supply.
Come to the water that never runs dry. He is that fountain. And it's time for you to stir yourself up and pray.
If you don't know how to pray in tongues, stir yourself. And He's not going to come and wag your tongue for you.
You've got to just say, "Holy Spirit, I yield to you,"and out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water.
Just let that gusher, that Holy Ghost fire, come up out of you.
You say, "I yield to it by faith,"and just start praying. I'll pray with you.
I'll be here, too. I'll agree with you. But tonight's your night to get baptized in the Holy Ghost.
He will do it right behind that camera right now, in your TV, in your car, wherever you're watching.
He'll touch you with the Holy Ghost and fire, and He'll change you from the inside out.
You'll never be the same from this day forward. But He's not going to do it for you.
You've got to walk on the water. Peter had to walk on the water.
"Come to me, Peter."And Peter said, "No, you come to me. No, come over here.
Do this."And guess what? Peter walked on the water. I want you tonight just to yield to my friend.
The Holy Spirit will change you. I say it again: you're running out of time.
The ark is closing. As it was in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
What happened then? The rain began to fall. The earth began to shake.
The water came up from the deep. Within just a matter of time, everything changed. It's going to happen again. Are you on the boat?
He's not going to flood it again with water, folks; it's all going to be destroyed by fire.
But I'm going to tell you, it's going to be similar to how it all happened.
It is happening suddenly. So I want to ask you tonight, do you know my friend?
If you were to die tonight, the very shoes you put on today to go to work, the undertaker might be taking them off that night.
No one's promised tomorrow. Today is the day of salvation. Jesus is at your heart right now and He's knocking on the door of your heart.
He's saying, "Will you let me in?"Don't turn Him away. Tonight's your night to repent and turn and come to the Father before it's too late.
No man knows the day or the hour when the Son of Man returns, but we can see the signs of the times all around us.
I told you on the 1st of April that it would be a time of great acceleration. And look around you.
The Lord said, "The birthing pains will now double, Brandon."They'll double even more when Rosh Hashanah comes in the fall.
They'll double, as labor pains upon a woman. Labor pains don't get better; they get worse because the baby's coming.
So tonight, I want to ask you, do you know my friend? I want you to get real with yourself tonight. Are you all in? Is He your Lord and personal Savior tonight?
And tonight, if you're watching, you say, "Brandon, would you please pray for me?"I want you to just put in the comment section tonight, "Tonight's my night.
I'm going to be saved. Tonight's my night. I'm coming home."You could be just like the prodigal.
You spent all you had. You used to be on fire for the Lord. You had everything and you turned away from Him.
He's never turned His back on you; you've turned your back on Him.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need. He'll never leave you; He'll never forsake you.
But you can turn away from Him. "I don't need you anymore,"and He'll let you go.
A gentleman would. But tonight you say, "Brandon, I don't want to live this way anymore. I know. I can see it. I can feel it as you talk.
I know something is about to happen."And tonight's your night to be on the right side of it.
But if Jesus died for you publicly, then I want you to be public in your decision tonight.
Put it in the chat: "What must I do to be saved? I want to be saved tonight."And I'm going to pray for you.
Just say this simple prayer: "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day. Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
Forgive me of my sins. Tonight, Lord, I turn my back on my sin.
I turn my back on the devil. I turn my back on what I was doing. And from this day forward, Lord, I'm sold out to you, Jesus.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life. From this day forward, Lord, I belong to you.
I'll serve you until the end, and even on the other side, I'll be in heaven with you forever.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm born again tonight. I thank you, Lord, that I'm washed in your blood. Thank you, Lord, that my sin is gone from me.
As far as the east is from the west, you've taken it from me, Lord, and you've cast it in the sea of forgetfulness.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm born again. Thank you, Lord, that I'm washed in your blood, and I'm so grateful for what you did for me.
Amen and amen."I believe if you just said that simple little prayer and you believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God—there's no other way to the Father other than through the Lord Jesus Christ—then welcome to the family.
So what do you do now? I'd go to a Bible-believing church. You get in there.
I would go to a non-denominational one that at least believes in the baptism of the Holy Ghost and prays in tongues.
You need to go in there, tell the pastors or the associate pastor, whoever is there, and say, "Listen, I want to be water baptized."Get water baptized.
Get plugged in. Go to church on Sundays, Wednesdays, whenever they've got the doors open, and then read your Bible and pray and come over here and pray with us.
Find people like Reinhard Bonnke. You can watch them, and it stirs you up when you're listening to them.
If you don't have a Bible, my wife and I will send you one for free.
We want to congratulate you on your decision tonight and say, "Welcome to the family."There's an email in the description down below.
All you have to do is go down there and say, "Hey, I got born again."In the headline, tell me your name and your address.
We don't want to solicit you; we just want to give you a Bible for free just to love on you and tell you welcome to the family.
We will never ask you for a dime. We want to just tell you freely we've been given, freely we give out.
I just wanted to let you know that there are so many scams going on.
Do not fall for these people ripping people off. I'm not on WhatsApp, Telegram, or any of these other platforms.
Don't follow these people because it's not me. Fifty-two people gave their hearts to Jesus Christ tonight.
Welcome to the family, all 52 of you. That is wonderful and exciting.
Praise the Lord. Braden wanted to show you this clip real quick. I had to get that first 51 minutes.
But right here, we're going to take communion next, pray, and get in the river to see if the Lord has anything for us tonight.
This is the vision the Lord gave us on March 31st. For all of you who didn't watch on March 31st, the Lord showed me this tornado.
Go ahead and play it. I saw an EF3 touchdown in Oklahoma. This is going to be live only on News 9.
EF3 damage as he's driving through the damage. This just happened a minute or two ago.
Debris has lofted to 15,000 feet in the air today. That's going to be an EF3, maybe a four—a strong and violent tornado.
This thing has been on the ground for 10 miles. It looks like an EF3 tornado towards the center part towards Logan County on the far side, going up through that area.
It looks like the brunt of this severe weather goes through northern Logan County into Payne County, going through Ponca City and Stillwater.
I see it going up towards Mulhall, up through Stillwater, up through Ponca City, going straight out to Blackwell, Oklahoma, and out through the Kansas border here.
Whoa, satellite tornado! The main cone is here, and a satellite tornado on the back side is rotating around.
The mesocyclone is all this, and this is rotating around on the rim of the mesocyclone.
Another vorticity right here, guys. Look right here, another subvorticity.
Look at the wind turbines; it's going right through the wind farm.
Let's go to Mason Dunn. Strong tornado in western Kay County. I cannot stress enough.
Now look at it sucking in; it's actually pulling in the weaker tornado.
It's eating it because the big tornado is taking over, becoming dominant.
Once again, the small tornado was born, lived, and just died because it was eaten by the big tornado.
If you do not go to your safe spot in Kay County, you could lose your life. If you live in a mobile home or a trailer, you have to get out.
This is a very dominant vision of a very long-track tornado that I see, and it has great strength.
This was the long-track violent tornado on the ground for 45 minutes, a path of about 10 to 12 miles. Still a long-track tornado.
I don't know when, but the Lord said, "Take authority over your weather."There are major storms trying to form soon. This is a very clear vision, which means it's quick.
You need to use your authority over your weather if you live in this area because I see a major storm trying to come up with a long-track tornado.
When we were seeing that on the 31st of March, the main purpose was to teach you how to take authority over your weather.
Jesus spoke to the weather and told it, "Peace, be still"when the boat was messing up.
He was going to the other side—the madman of Gadara was next—but He was asleep and wasn't even upset about it.
He said, "Peace, be still, ye of little faith."The same Holy Ghost that lives inside of Jesus lives inside of you.
I'm telling you, go to your safe place and take authority over it.
People say, "Brandon, I'm going to get outside and start yelling at the storm."I didn't advise that.
You can pray from your safe place and say, "In the name of Jesus, I take authority over this storm, over tornadoes, hail, and straight-line winds.
I command you to cease and desist in your maneuvering in the name of Jesus.
Storm, decrease and go away in Jesus'name. We have authority over you.
Storm, go now."Just talk to it. Your mountain has to hear your voice.
I call this tornado to go away now in Jesus'name. Angel of the Lord, I send you now to help us deal with this tornado.
I call peace to this weather. Straight-line winds, peace be still.
Hail, stop it; you're not going to tear up my stuff. You've got to speak to it.
Read the scriptures until they become alive inside of you. When that word becomes Rhema, it has to become Rhema on the inside of you.
You've got to get that word down inside of you until you're a bulldog on a bone.
The word is working mightily in you. It's the truth you know that will make you free. Meditate on it.
I have power and authority to tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt me.
That includes weather. A thousand shall fall at my side and 10,000 at my right hand, but it shall not come nigh me.
I encourage you to anoint your house. This is the blood of Jesus by faith. I apply the blood around my house, on my windows.
I anoint my house all the time, anoint my kids every day, and anoint myself all the time.
Father, this represents the blood. I plead the blood of Jesus over me. No weapon formed against me is going to prosper.
Every tongue that rises against me, we condemn and take authority over in Jesus'name.
The blood covers my wife, my children, and my finances. I plead the blood.
No storm comes nigh me. Thank you, Lord. We will take authority over this just like you.
As He is, so are we in this world. All right. So that's what I'm trying to tell you all.
It is the same thing with going and praying over your schools.
Praying that no shooting comes around my kids. You're going to plead the blood.
If you put your kids in public school, anoint them before they go to school. Anoint them whenever they're around.
We choose to homeschool our kids, but you anoint your kid with oil and plead the blood of Jesus all around them.
BJU is a good homeschool program, by the way. If you were looking for a good homeschool program, we love BJU.
My son went through all of it and he is doing so well. My daughter too.
So BJU, you watch the videos on there and the teachers teach you. So some people go, "What do you do for homeschooling?"BJU.
And so, I know there's so many people that are not taught in church that you have authority over the storm.
And I tell you, go up there and you could start praying in the spirit, then release it.
Let the Holy Ghost come—the river come up out of you. Just praying in the spirit in a brand new tongue.
So I need you all to know that they said, "What do you mean by taking authority over the storms?"Take authority over them.
Pray over them. Tell them to go away. Not in your name, but in Jesus'name.
Every knee shall bow. Even tornadoes. It's a name. Tornado is a name and it's going to bow to the name of Jesus.
So believe that today. So, we're going to take this communion together and we're going to just pray a little bit.
Pray over what the Lord's given us. Is there anything else? I know there's a lot going on.
Yeah. I mean, we have a four-hour video. Anything else is really important.
They're saying there is more activity. This is what the Lord showed us about the solar activity.
He told us, He warned us that there would be signs as of April 1st that this would do with the signs of the skies, signs of the heavens.
He said this was the next phase, and you're going to start to see asteroids and meteors, and they will bust the windows out of your house.
Remember what the Lord said? We're going to see signs. Now, we're here.
Two intense solar flares. Keep going. I know you worked hard at this.
Let's do it fast. I want to do a couple of them. It's good. Then this is important.
Do you remember what I told you about how they disrupt the communication in a train?
And I said they're going to put it in a boxcar and they're going to go down and they're going to jam up people's communication and their cell phones and the internet and stuff, right?
And it sends some kind of pulse out of the boxcar. Look at this.
Toronto police just seized SMS blaster fake cell towers never seen before in Canada.
Okay, these portable devices hijack thousands of phones at once, blast fake Bank of Canada and Canada Post texts, and knock out real service, even 911 calls.
Tens of thousands of phones hit, over 13 million disruptions. Three men charged. They put it in the back of their car.
You remember I told you I saw a massive one and it wasn't a train?
They're making them in the car. So they're smarter than even a train. Do you understand what we see?
And I want to give—it's not about Brandon Biggs that we give all the glory to Jesus for everything we see on this channel, but this is accurate. Do you understand?
Accuracy is important and you don't want to be flaky saying you're seeing stuff, and it's nice to see it in the news even if it's not always healthy.
Right? So, this is in the back of a car. That looks like an SUV.
They're doing it in an SUV. And do you know how many they said?
13 million disruptions off of that little thing right there.
Do you all understand what I'm telling you? I saw one that was massive.
This is what I saw. I said, "It looks really creepy."What was in the train?
And they go down the tracks. Atlanta. Remember where I told you it would be?
Atlanta. I saw Atlanta, Georgia. Okay, this is in Toronto. What did I tell you?
I said they come over the border from Canada and come into America.
They said it's not just the Mexican border; it's Canada. And I can tell you where they came in.
I remember where I told you where the Lord showed me they came in at in Michigan.
The Lord showed me where these men came in. This is what they made.
Does anybody know this existed? Tell me in the comment section right now.
Did you know that this happened in Canada? Does anybody know that this is what I warned you was coming?
Well, the Holy Spirit—it's bad verbiage, y'all forgive me—the Holy Spirit did.
Look. See? Now show them what they said it did. He is driving around mobile.
He's just going around Toronto and taking everybody's cell phones out.
But they got them. But the Lord said there's one in Chicago. There's one in Seattle, remember?
But it's massive amounts of this. And then the Lord said, "They're getting ready for a Red Dawn experience in your nation.
A D-Day is coming to your nation."Does anybody remember that?
I saw a Red Dawn experience. If you don't know what Red Dawn is, go look it up.
A D-Day experience was coming to your nation. He said many, many, many, as in a lot, small 9/11s.
And they would all happen at the same time. Many, many 9/11s, not with planes, but with other things.
Timothy McVeigh, remember that? Fertilizer in the back of trucks. This is what the Lord warned us about.
And He showed us all this stuff and He told us they have plans and they have multiple hundreds of millions of dollars that were used by crypto and things like that to fund it.
He said this is not just a little thing; this is major thought-out, major money and said pray over your nation.
Pray over President Trump, his buildings, Trump Towers, and particularly Trump Chicago on the riverfront from the 41st floor.
Mass transit, subways, buses, trying to flood the East River, all of it flooding into the tunnels.
This is the things the Lord showed me. Praying over our president's safety.
Praying over Karoline Leavitt and her baby. Praying over this.
She was a major topic this last night, wasn't she? Everybody talking.
Why did the Lord have us pray for that young woman? Everybody talking about her.
It sounds like conspiracy. Why did the Lord say, "You need to pray for her"? And I wouldn't tell you why.
The Lord said, "Pray for this woman."Do you remember how many times we prayed for her? I just started praying for her baby.
But I didn't tell everyone because you cannot get into some of the dark things you see.
Pray over her. Pray for her safety. Pray for her. Why her? Now you know why, don't you?
She did nothing wrong. It's just flippant speech. And now they try to be all about conspiracy.
She knew. Play it. Now you know why the Lord said pray for her.
It'll be entertaining. There will be some shots fired tonight in the room.
So everyone should tune in. It's going to be really great. I'm looking forward to hearing it.
It'll be funny. It's not what she meant. These people are looking for a devil behind every bush.
Now the Lord said pray for her. Remember, and so we've been interceding for her all last week knowing that this was coming.
Now they all accused her. I said it's the stress on the baby. I saw stress on this child concerning her blood pressure and things like that.
Lord said pray for her. So we have prayed for her. Bless her heart.
She's eight or nine months pregnant. The Lord said, "Pray for her."Pray for that child. Pray for the child's heart.
A child doesn't need to be in the mother's womb underneath great pressure like that—stress. It affects the mom's health.
And that was what the Lord said: 'Pray for her.'So now she has all these idiots on the left all attacking her and all this stuff going on.
And so we pray for her; her job's hard. And then we pray over this.
Remember when I told you I saw this man being taken out by an assassin in the days ahead?
He's just walking down the street, but they're throwing stuff at him.
To me, his life's still here, thank God. But he doesn't have hardly any security around him.
And somebody just throws right here—the guy right here with this long hippie hair.
He just threw all that on him. What is that? I don't know. But maybe it's what the Lord said: pray over this man because he was in danger.
So they dumped some kind of paint on him. Whatever. Thank God he's still here because the Lord said He's going to use him.
Okay, go ahead. Next. What is that? Oh, they're taking... remember I told you lab-grown babies are coming?
'Build-a-baby.'And the Netherlands is passing bills. They're going to take two men from there and create a baby out of it.
They're going to make build-a-babies out of genetically modified babies.
They're genetic, lab-grown, messed up. You'll be able to build your own baby out of your own cells.
So you don't even have to have... you can just make your own thing with what they're trying to do with AI technology.
You know what? 'I think I'm so great. I'm going to make my own baby for me, out of me.
I don't need a woman.'And they grow it in an incubator. Some kind of weird sci-fi weirdness.
Demonic, trying to play nature, trying to play God. And this is what the Lord told us was coming.
And we had a clip, but I can't play it because she has three million subscribers. Do you know her name?
Well, you can show her and play the clip, but do not touch the three-million-subscriber one.
But you can show who this lady is. There's this one right here, too.
This guy right here. You want to play that? Yeah, go ahead. And then we've got to get busy praying.
They can hear our parliament. 'This hope is lost from the Netherlands. All hope is lost. Please save us.
I'm calling on the international community to do something about the extreme disease that is in charge of the Netherlands.
Just tonight, our parliament discussed a new law that will allow two men to donate DNA material to create a joint embryo out of two men, meaning a child born of two men, and will also allow a single person to mate with themselves to produce a self-fertilized egg and then create a child with only one biological parent.
This comes after the Netherlands legalized gay marriage, after we had the first gay prime minister, after we invented the Dutch protocol, which is an unscientific, unproven way of castrating a man and then giving him a fake vagina with tissue from out of his ass.
I'm not kidding about that. We're allowing euthanasia of children from ages 12 and up, and 16 and 17-year-olds can have themselves euthanized without their parental consent.
We are also allowing under the Groningen protocol the euthanasia of children up to one year old.
So if you don't like your child, you can get rid of it after it's been born.
Of course, we have abortion up to birth. Oh, we had the world's first pizza party taking part in our elections.
My God, I can't do this anymore. I wasn't born to grow up in this Sodom and Gomorrah of the world. I am of the opinion that this country needs to be vaporized.
And I hereby call upon President Donald Trump, President Putin of Russia, and the Ayatollah of Iran to point your nuclear rockets at this country and blast it away with us.
This cannot heal without first bombing it to the ground. Pray for the Netherlands because I can only imagine what the wrath of God will do.'Okay, well, there you go.
God. Well, it just tells you the signs of the times, doesn't it?
I didn't see anything. That is pretty rough. He's asking them to nuke them?
Is that what he said? People are crazy, Braden. It's like, 'Oh, that makes it better.
We'll pray for them.'We're not going to pray; we'll just be obliterated like Sodom and Gomorrah.
I can't live here anymore. Wow. Braden, there's a lot of crazy stuff going on, isn't there?
Man, is there anything else? We've got to pray. Father, he works hard, y'all. I know I had to tell you about the drones.
It's something on my heart at the beginning, but we'll go over a lot of this tomorrow. Okay. Braden works hard. He is a hardworking son.
And I told him, I said, 'I'm so thankful.'Everybody tell him in the comment section, 'Thank you, Braden, for all his hard work,'because he's a good kid.
He works hard finding all this stuff for y'all. But one more, anything else? You want to show one more time? You're entertaining me now.
I'm just like, 'Good Lord, Braden.'I saw the lady that you told me about, the one with three million subscribers, but that is a pretty big deal.
Okay, turn it off. Father, we just thank you for the body. Lord, we thank you for all that you've done and all that you continue to do.
Lord, we submit ourselves unto you tonight. And we thank you, Lord, for your mighty hand. Lord, I thank you, Lord.
There's an expiration date for everything they're believing for—for their health, for their mental state, for their emotions, for our nation.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against this nation would prosper.
I apply the blood of Jesus over our nation in Jesus'name. We thank you, Lord. No weapon formed against us would prosper.
We take this body right now in Jesus'name, and we're healed and whole and well in Jesus'name.
Amen. Now Lord, thank you for the blood. We apply the blood. We make much of the blood.
The blood makes much of us, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We yield to the anointing of the Watcher. We yield to the anointing of the prophetic.
And we thank you, Lord, that if there's anything You want to show us, You show us.
And we plead the blood over us. We plead the blood and we apply the blood over us tonight in Jesus'name. Oh, we thank you, Lord.
We take authority over hexes and vexes and anything of the occult that tried to come against us in the livestream. We thank you, Lord.
The angels of the Lord are watching over us and we give you all praise and glory, Father, that we hear your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
And we thank you, Lord, for the blood right now in Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord. Father, we thank you. Yield to that anointing. You can open the door, son, a little bit—let the cold in.
You can't turn on the air; it's too hot, but just keep it cracked because those lights are really hot.
It brings cold air in here; it's good. Open the eyes of our heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of our heart; we want to see you. And all the earth will shout your praise.
Our hearts will cry... Great Are You, Lord. Put that one on there.
I like it. You can give them the words. 'And all the earth will shout your praise.
Our hearts will cry.'You got it. Yep. That's it. 'You give life.
You are love. You bring light to the darkness. You give hope.
You restore every heart that is broken.'And then 'Great Are You, Lord.''It's your breath in our lungs, so we pour out our praise.
Pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs, so we pour out our praise to you, holy God.'And then how do they get that on that chorus, though?
You give life, you are love. You bring light to the darkness. I can't get the rhythm of it.
So just like the one you say, "Great are you, Lord."Remember that.
It's all right. Don't worry about it. We'll practice it another day.
But I like it a lot. It's one of my favorites whenever I hear it in the background.
It was in my spirit. Father, we are just so thankful for the blood.
We thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for us. We thank you, Lord, for all that you're going to do right now.
And we praise you, Father, as we get in that river with you. We get in that river.
What song do you want to hear, Lord? I want to sing one that you like, and I want to get in that flow.
If it gets on my Kleenex on my forehead, let me know. I got that anointing oil and it was sticking on me.
Holy Spirit, we wait on you. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord. Holy, holy, holy are you, Lord.
We worship you. Show me the vein as I wait. Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Fill our cup, we lift it up and make me whole.
Fill our cup, Lord. We lift it up, Lord. You see, we have to decrease. It's too much about us.
And when it gets too much about you, you've got to take that mirror and when they attract to deflect, you always shine the glory back up to him.
We are just vessels that he works through. We have this treasure in earthen vessels that this excellency of the power is known to him and not of us.
We decrease that he increase. I see you there, Lord. But I'm wondering what you're wanting me to do.
When you reserve too much self for self and you see all the care of taking the care out of your prayer, be careful for nothing but with thanksgiving.
So we'll just give you praise, Father, for a little bit right there. I see that. Father, we thank you for all that you've done.
Lord, we're so grateful for the air that we breathe and for the water. Father, for the trees, for the birds.
Father, we're so grateful for all the clouds in the sky and that sun that you've provided for us to give us heat and life.
We're so grateful, Father, for all that you've done and our dogs.
And Father, for the things that you've provided: something for us to drive and for us to live in a house.
And you, Father, you give us food for our stomachs. And you give us shelter.
And you protect us from the rain and the elements. Father, you've been so good to us.
Thank you, Father, for all the people that are gathered here today.
Father, for the health that we have. You may not be able to move all your body.
You may be quadriplegic. You may, but you can maybe roll your eye. You can maybe bat your eye.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that tonight they're able to move more of their body tonight.
Father, we're so thankful that you are our healer and we're delivered and our minds are clear and our hearts are receptive, Father, for all that you've done.
We're so grateful, Father. We give you praise and glory for the week that we had and the week that we're getting ready to start.
We thank you, Lord, that we're going from glory to glory. We're not camped right here, but Father, we're breaking out of it.
Father, I got a river of life flowing out of me that makes the lame to walk and the blind to see.
It opens prison doors, sets the captives free. I got a river of life flowing out of me.
Thank you for President Trump, Father. We thank you, Lord, that he is protected.
I see a beautiful green hill and on this green hill at the top of this hill, there's a massive storm.
Father, we thank you, Lord. Father, I pray over our economy. How do I get on the other side of that?
Okay, this is all concerning the economy and I don't try to touch this kind of stuff with my mouth. I see people with candles.
I see people with pajamas on that go clear to their feet like those long girl pajamas that look like a t-shirt, pajamas that go clear to the feet that have one of those pajama hats.
They have those hats on, the sleep hat that goes over with like one of those, like an elf. Do you know what I'm talking about?
It's like a sleepy time hat with pajamas, but they're flannel-looking pajamas with a candle walking.
And these people are walking out of the darkness and there's a mob of them all dressed the same way. And they have candles.
They have the brass handle stand, the little thing that you put your finger in, and you have a stand with a candle coming out of it.
They're walking down a path, and there's trees on both sides.
We pray over our economy. Lord, worse than then, worse than 2008.
I see Trump with the cards in his hand. They are all red cards.
He looks like a cartoon. He has the red cards of the hearts. He has hearts in his hand.
I see hearts. It's poker. The card game is poker. We hold the cards.
He holds the card in his hand. It's a bluff. In his hand, he has nothing.
It doesn't make anything. It's a bluff. No, no, no. Do you remember when I told you I saw Putin had a whole hand?
He was playing poker, but he had the wild card and he had a flush. It's concerning the economy.
You say, "Well, we have the hand concerning Iran, but not what's underneath the land."You may wipe out the ships, their air defense systems, things like that, but it's not breaking the people, these evildoers.
It's still the heart of the land. It's a way of thinking concerning the Mahdi.
And you say, "Well, it's like when you've been raised as a doctrine, when you're raised that way as a child all the way until you're an adult, you don't blow it out of you."It's trying to brainwash somebody.
You think wrong. But what I'm seeing right here, it's a culture. What you're coming against is a culture.
This is a war that's gone on for years because it's ingrained in someone from a child concerning Pakistan.
It's the way of it. That's why Iran-Iraq lasted for so long and we still got troops there.
Afghanistan lasted for so long. It's a culture. And you're not going to train them into western thinking.
You're not going to change them to think like us; it's not going to happen. So, what do you do with that? It's what's in the mountain.
When you get to that wall and he's sitting there looking at his cards, but it's meant to be a distraction now.
It's like, what did we do with this versus this? And it's the economy, but I see the oil. I see the oil in the Gulf. I see our oil.
We pray over our oil manufacturing, all our gas wells, our oil plants in Houston, our plants in the Galveston, and all over in the Louisiana area over Tuttle.
We pray a hedge of protection around our oil facilities. I'm seeing more oil facilities go up.
It's all by design. It's the oil. I hear them again. They're talking about the $2,500.
I hear like a stimulus coming, trying to boost morale in the Republican party.
Yeah, it's still a number about $2,500. I still see it. But it's for people making less than 150.
I see the number 150. At the same time, I see the crypto mania.
I see big crypto. I see Michael Saylor. We take authority over that.
Father, 2020 deals with that lizard. There are so many little pieces here.
I see a little vision and then it pulls out. I can see Michael two times.
Then I go back over here and I'm praying over President Trump and he's holding it.
I see the economy and them trying to stimulate the economy, trying to stir up morale in the people.
By midterms, it is going to be a shellacking if they don't start boosting morale.
I'm seeing a major blue wave of people being angry about how they voted for Trump two years ago.
There is major patriotism around the 250s. I see fireworks and efforts to stir up patriotism across the nation.
I see that spider again. This is about our civil rights. But the spider is not just small anymore; it has almost quadrupled in size.
Father, I pray for President Trump and his mind. I pray over his cabinet that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
Father, we pray all around the decisions he's making concerning our economy, oil prices, and the Clarity Act.
I see this web of an injection—an economic shot, not a physical shot.
He's trying to bring forth a rally. It feels like a flatline in the spirit right now.
I can feel the economy; it is trying to flatline, worse than 2008.
There's no pulse, like the beep of a heart monitor. When I'm praying into it, it's a flatline.
I can see the cards and they're red. Red Republican cards. He's holding these cards and looking at them.
It's the same as when he was walking the pig with the lipstick on. I could see the housing markets.
Now I see the new guy getting in there and looking at the paperwork. He's looking at 5% interest rates, trying to lower things.
I can see the new guy, and he has beads of sweat rolling down his face like Jerome Powell.
He has sweat coming off his forehead like Jerome Powell looking at how this economy really looked.
He's stressed, and his eyes are wide. He's communicating back to Trump what he sees.
I see a baseball that's been thrown and it has broken the glass.
I see the boats coming out concerning the economy. The shot I see is green and big.
It looks like something with a huge needle, but inside, dollar symbols, cryptos, cars, housing, and buildings are floating.
It's turbulent green sludge inside of this shot. It's moving like a boat in a glass bottle.
If you were to shrink down, you could get on that boat. It looks almost like toxic waste.
I see bars going up with the stock market: red, green, red, green. Trump is on a dinghy raft with red cards in his hand.
He's sitting on a lifeboat inside of a green shot, floating in green slime and toxic waste with his red cards.
He has pink circles on his cheeks. I see skyscrapers starting to sink and melt from the green acid.
Houses are becoming transparent and sinking. As they go down, they become a thin layer of black as they disintegrate. A shot only lasts so long.
He has a piece of paper in his hand that says 'income tax.'He's in the lifeboat looking at a paper that says 'income tax'and '0/0.'But there's too much fine print; it would take hours to read.
I see missiles shooting off the side of the inner tube. There are bottles with messages floating in the green sludge.
I see Cuba, cruise ships, and Royal Caribbean. It's about Cuba. Regardless of the blessing, it's the economy of America.
What is going on can only last for so long; it is delaying the inevitable.
A shot in the arm to delay the inevitable. It's kicking the can further down the road, and the can has a hole in it.
It's a Del Monte can that's opened up with green beans and mixed vegetables on the side. Trump kicked it down the road, and it's opened up.
It has one of those lids that looks jagged from somebody opening it, and as they kick the thing, I see Del Monte on the side of it.
We call the economy to turn around. Even a shot in the arm, Father, is better than being completely in 1929 or 1930, delaying the inevitable.
What is that right there? It's a toxic shot. Do you get that? It's toxic.
Where is the church with all this, Lord? What are we doing with all this stuff going down the road?
I see these buildings disintegrating and all this stuff going on around them.
I see airplanes going into them too. He has a Make America Great Again hat on.
He's riding the donkey, and it's bucking and kicking. I can see its mouth is flaring open, and he has a hold of the two ears.
If I could describe his face, Braden, he looks like he's just laughing, but it looks like a cartoon.
We pray over his health. We pray over his mind. We pray over him, Father, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
We thank you, Lord, that there's a revival in his heart. We pray over his kids: Don Jr., Eric, Tiffany, Barron, and Ivanka.
Did I say them all? And Kai. Father, I thank you, Lord, that the blood of Jesus Christ covers the family, the children, and the grandchildren.
A thousand shall fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, but it shall not come nigh them.
I thank you for a hedge of protection all around the children in the name of Jesus.
I pray, Father, over his marriage, over his wife, and over him.
Thank you, Father, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly. I see a soccer ball, and the soccer ball is cut in half.
I see the world map on it, and Trump's eyes are looking at this soccer ball. It's only half of a globe.
It's half of a soccer ball with all of the places on it, but he's looking at it and there's a golden egg.
There's a golden chicken, like a golden goose. There it is: a golden goose on top of this soccer ball.
He's eyeing this soccer ball with a golden goose on it. From the golden goose, there are lines coming out, and they're going to Africa and South America.
There are lines coming out of this golden goose, and they go into different parts of the world, like how Indiana Jones traveled.
It comes out of the golden goose, and Trump is looking at the golden goose and he has gold in his eye.
The goose is making his eye—you know how you can see a reflection in somebody's eyes when they are mirrored?
They look black. You can see a mirror of the goose and the soccer ball in his eye.
Lord, I plead the blood over this nation. Now, this is kind of out there.
Should I even say that? Okay. I see a woman's uterus with two ovaries, and it says 2030.
It's on the uterus, and on the front of the uterus, it says 2030.
It's all in the green sludge, floating on it. I see this. That's why I sound so weird.
I don't know why a woman's uterus would have 2030. I see him eyeing this ball.
But I see this thing about 2030. It's a pink-looking uterus with the two eggs.
But on the 2030, it's in blue—a birthing. Lord, I'm not trying to reason it out of my mind.
I see advancements in medical surgeries and scientific advancements. I see AI. I see scientific advances in surgeries.
They are on a hospital bed—AI—and the doctors are doing something to it.
They have masks on with their glasses, and they look like they're performing surgery for AI advancements.
I hear this: AI advancements. All of this is coming. We thank you, Lord.
You keep our economy. Father, I thank you, Lord. Now I see the rocket ship.
I see NASA. What's interesting is there's only one engine burning. The two on the bottom aren't; the one on the top is.
It's because they're dipped in the sludge and it's trying to take off.
It's all so interesting as I see it trying to leave the earth into space.
You can see it trying to take off. This rocket is by Trump, too.
It looks like a space shuttle. All these little things with the boats, and I can see China.
I can see their barges. You know how we see them? I can see it coming up out of China.
And I see this boat. It's a massive ship with the red, the black, and the white.
I see more trade coming out to America. Everything is in this green acid sludge.
Father, we thank you, Lord. The economy. Oh, Father, I thank you, Lord. It's amazing all the stuff that's in that shot.
As you zoom in and pull it close, you can see what's in it, and it's floating on the acid.
But if you pull it back out, it becomes really small. It has a huge needle on it.
It looks like something you would have injected in a horse. All of it is not good.
Thank you, Father. You give President Trump wisdom on how to deal with this.
It's like delaying the inevitable. Thank you, Jesus. We thank you, Lord, that you're turning things around, Father.
We will have a red wave in November, that we will not lose this.
Everything is rusted. The tools are rusted. I am trying to figure out what the Lord is saying.
I see the economy, but I see all this and it's like, is this shot in the economy? What I gather doesn't look good.
It's a massive shot, but I see the soccer ball and all this stuff, but it's all acid.
It's all floating on green, a layer of turbulent acid. And the boats are getting eaten up.
When you see stuff eating metal, it's rusting and eating sludge.
Even the buildings are just melting. But what's interesting is the plastic is not getting eaten up.
The plastic is okay. The raft that Trump is on is not being eaten; his boat is okay.
Plastic is okay on this acid. It's a raft, and he's just floating on the acid. Father, we just thank you, Lord, for President Trump.
Father, we pray over the decisions that he makes concerning Iran this week.
I know there's something more. I just feel it. We thank you, Lord.
It's a big python trying to squeeze. We thank you, Lord. We have authority over the pythons.
We have authority over things. And Father, we will have our time of a wealth transfer in Jesus'name to get the gospel out.
You know what's interesting to me is every one of these visions is not about stopping it.
I want to sit here and think about this. He's not saying stop it.
He's saying this is the end. We're all coming to the end. It's coming to the close of the new digital age.
All these things, but a shot in the economy—a shot in the arm to make it sustain, to give him another two years to finish. But sitting on this, you can see all of it.
It's inevitable that we're going into a digital age and a digital dollar—digital everything—because Jesus is coming.
We all know the beast system's coming. And as he's rocking and he's on this raft and it's turbulent, he's holding those playing cards in his hand. How do you sustain the economy?
When I see the newspaper with the zero point zero, I could see the economy and all of the buildings and all that melting, but he's just treading water, trying to get it going.
It's a lifeboat, you know? It's a lifeboat. A lifeboat is not sustained for a long time.
It's just to get you from point A to point B, right? He's in a yellow-looking lifeboat.
But we all know, like I said, I just keep praying, and I could see Michael Saylor's face earlier.
I could see the big eyes, and the one guy had big eyes there. But there was a baseball that cracked the glass. Kevin—yes, his eyes were there.
But then when he was having a meeting with Trump, he was looking at things and I could see the baseball that cracked the glass.
And I'm thinking, 'Well, what's that have to do with anything?'Isn't that interesting?
But as I'm looking at it, he then brought out a shot and they were talking about a shot.
'What if we do this? What if we stimulate the economy?'Delaying the inevitable.
And then Trump got in the shot, and then I could see it, and then they were all having that meeting and it transferred over to them trying to feed this big old horse needle.
It looked massive, like you're injecting it—it would be like injecting through your leg.
That's how big it was. Huge. But it was a massive syringe full of all this stuff.
And so I think it's interesting, just where we are right now in May.
How do they delay the inevitable for midterms? It's for midterms.
I don't know. It's interesting to me. I keep praying into it. It's interesting because the Lord shows me cartoons.
They look like cartoons, and it looks like Trump has pink on his cheeks this time.
It wasn't the pig with lipstick on. He had circles like those little Chinese dolls.
That's pink on those cheeks. Yes. And I was thinking, 'What a different kind of style.'Yes, but it's a cartoon.
And he had the same blue jacket on with a red tie and a white shirt, but he was just dressed up in a cartoon.
It's interesting to me as you see him floating in that raft lifeboat and thinking, 'What is he up to?
What is he about to do? What is he about to do to stimulate the economy?'Father, I just thank you, Lord, for tonight.
We praise you and give you glory for all that you've done and all that you've done here tonight.
For all the souls that got saved. We praise you, Father, for the time of prayer that we had.
We thank you, Lord, Father, that President Trump is protected.
Oh, now that's interesting. I see ticks trying to suck the lifeblood out of it.
What is that? They're like parasites—ticks. Father, I thank you, Lord.
We praise you and give you glory for all that you did here tonight.
Father, stir in the people that we come back tomorrow and we pray again and we keep praying over this nation.
We thank you, Lord, for the days that we have and we pray for our president. We pray for the peace of Jerusalem. We pray for Benjamin.
And we ask God, Father, for raising up good leaders in Israel, raising up good leaders in America.
You're raising up good leaders in Australia. Father, we're praying for good leaders. Father, godly leaders in Mexico. Claudia has to go.
We thank you, Father, that there's a good godly leader coming up in Mexico and in and over Colombia and over Cuba and over South Korea.
And Father, a revival beyond revivals is about to happen. And we plead the blood of Jesus over us in the name of Jesus today.
And we thank you, Lord, for a good work week. Father, as we start our work week off right now, we get ready to start this week.
Lord, we thank you, Lord, that the blessing of the Lord is on it in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you, Father, that everybody that's here tonight is healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
And we give you praise and glory for it. Amen and amen. Well, thank you for being here.
I really appreciate every single one of you being here. And we'll be back again tomorrow to start our week off.
Here we are—Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, whatever we're going to do, we're going to keep praying and keep believing God.
I don't like what I saw tonight. I don't like all that green. I don't like the toxic shot and all that, but it's delaying the inevitable—a shot in the economy, for what I saw.
Even what he saw, the new guy, his face was like, 'This is bad.'They should—and I'm not an economic adviser, but it was like, 'What do you say when you say it should be in a recession?'that's not been called yet.
All right. God bless y'all. You know, did you get it? Yeah. Look at that.
There you go. Show that. Well, I'm fixing it because it's not like you're not saying that.
Well, he didn't say that. 40% down. It's still neat, though.
I think it's fun. That's the new guy—so funny. Braden. Wow. You're so funny, son.
Well, good night, y'all. Have a blessed evening. Thank you for joining us again today.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you. Have a good night. Bye-bye.